I used to work a full-time job maintain
private clients record edit and post
these videos all while my wife while
pregnant worked a job just so we could
pay our bills and now I don't even have
to buy my own supplements and my office
is my kitchen also the baby is asleep so
I must be quiet this time I am
completely overwhelmed by this and I am
very grateful for every single one of
you taste test I'm not gonna lie blue
raspberry was never my favorite flavor
growing up but after I got the samples
of this flavor I had to give it another
try genuinely this is a time machine
that takes me straight back to my
childhood in no way does this actually
taste like a supplement at all now
orange oh my goodness for some reason
I'm getting Sunny D Vibes but also just
fresh orange juice this is definitely
something I would drink at breakfast and
of course the unflavored this is the one
I use the most I mix it in with my
coffee because I'm addicted to caffeine
will these help you get to your splits
no but they definitely will support your
journey on the way to the splits
launching tomorrow stay flexy